Claudio: Hey, Janice. How are you? Good. How are you?
Janice: Well, on our side of the Atlantic, we're getting towards the end of the day, so it's getting much better by the hour.
Claudio: Where do you live?
Janice: London.
Claudio: Oh, nice, nice, nice.
Janice: What about in New York? Are you.
Claudio: I mean, I don't know if you're familiar, but I'm in Queens, New York, which is.
Janice: I used to live in New York. I spent, like, six years there.
Claudio: Okay, so it's Queens. So it's technically the suburbs of New York.
Janice: Queens.
Claudio: Queens, New York. Forest Hills. I don't know if you ever went to concerts at Forest Hills Stadium. If you went to a concert, you probably went there in Queens. It's very popular.
Janice: Which stadium?
Claudio: The Forest Hills tennis court. It's technically where the first US Open was being held.
Janice: Okay. I've been to the US Open.
Claudio: Okay. I'm about a mile from there. Not too far.
Janice: All right. Okay. Oh, cool.
Claudio: Yeah, yeah. Where in London are you located?
Janice: We are just across the river at Wandsworth. It's across the river, Gina, Chelsea and Fulham. It's just across the side.
Claudio: Okay. I also. I went to London twice. I really love it. Are you originally from there or are you from.
Janice: No, originally I'm from Greece. But I spent. Well, before aws, I spent most of my time in finance. I was writing. I was sort of building derivative systems, running managing teams and stuff like that.
Claudio: Gotcha.
Janice: I could spend. They moved me. I was working for credit straits in the mouthmen. I spent six years in New York. I was living in Manhattan, the Upper east side. It's really lovely.
Claudio: Yeah. I have. I have an uncle that lives on Upper west side by, overlooking Central park. And to be honest, there's nothing that beats that. Those areas, for sure.
Janice: Oh, yeah. Well, being close to the park is just. And I mean, you know, it's. You know, especially because I was in my twenties, it was just.
Claudio: Yeah.
Janice: I mean, yeah. We actually, coincidentally went to New York. I hadn't been there for a long time, but we went in end of May. It was just. I mean, it was fantastic. But to be honest, you know, with a family and a kid, I'm not sure, you know, it's awesome. But, like, for a different stage of.
Claudio: Your life, I 100% agree. I have two kids on my own. Okay. And we used to live in Brooklyn, which is a very bohemian hipster area.
Janice: Yeah, yeah. It's very cool. Now, this year, I actually went to Brooklyn this time around.
Claudio: Yeah.
Janice: Yeah.
Claudio: It's super nice. But, you know, we made it. We made the conscious decision to move to Queens, which is the suburbs because we have two kids and.
Janice: Yeah yeah yeah you did a big house, you know.
Claudio: Exactly. Right now I'm in the basement. I just made it look nice. Only from the front camera.
Janice: I was about to say that you have your office now.
Claudio: Looks like really really cool but it's just a prop.
Janice: Don't turn the camera around. Yeah yeah. Anyway look thanks for getting on the call on a short notice.
Claudio: Totally.
Janice: Before we get into the notebooks themselves let me take a bit of a background because you're new to the party to tell you where we're coming from and then you tell me because I think that you're new to the company in general.
Claudio: Three weeks.
Janice: Three weeks. So you're fairly new as well. Anyway so part of it our team, our wider team which is called pace which stands for prototyping and customer engineering we have set up this motion in order to. Sorry just 1 second. We set this motion which we call boot camp. And the whole idea of the bootcamp is to accelerate engagements, actually do as many engagements as possible. And this is kind of the industrialization of building prototypes. So typically our team would build you know we'll go to the customer and we'll build a prototype in like four to six weeks. So you know in a year a PA would do like maximum, an architect would do maximum like five engagements. But obviously they, especially now with Jnai management wanted to do like to multiply that. So we came up with this idea of bootcamps where effectively what we do is the bootcamps take three weeks. The first week is what we call the learning week where effectively it's enablement. We're teaching them the basic stuff both from a theoretical but more important from a hands on and services standpoint. And I'll get to the integrity of that. And then the next two weeks each one of our architects hooks up with two customers who are building a prototype in these two weeks and basically they do office hours. So he has one customer in the morning and one customer in the afternoon where effectively you know he's helping them accelerate that prototype during the learning week which actually it's not a week, it's three days. What we do, we have split it in two parts. The first two days is based on the Amazon bedrock workshop, the one that we're talking about now. We don't do the whole thing so we have an agenda which basically it's the basic stuff, rag chatbots and agents through the two days and then on the third day we take them through one of our guys out of an engagement. He has built a blog and then an application which is basically a j, like a typical chatbot genti application, but it's a real application. It's not notebooks anymore. It's built with CDK. And the whole idea is to transition you from how the services work when you play around with them in a notebook versus how you build the real thing with lambdas and CDK for infrastructure as code, et cetera, et cetera. So that then when they start prototyping it's easy for them to get going because they know the services, they know how to build the code. They can actually use our code as a template or as a blueprint to get the ball rolling. So going back to how we hooked up with Rupider and co. Because we're so heavy users of the Amazon bedrock workshop and we have realized that often it kind of lags in terms of getting up to speed with the latest features because things are moving really really fast. And we basically had a bigger problem. Not now but a few, you know, a couple of months back because we were using cloud three, but most of the notebooks were still on cloud two. You know, a lot of the stuff was on launching zero one and want to go to zero two because obviously you don't want to go through deprecated calls and all that kind of stuff.
Claudio: Yeah.
Janice: So we actually went through. So we hooked up with rupee there. We said well let's work together and you know, we're happy to contribute code. It's not about you doing stuff for us. We had actually built a lot of stuff. But what happened is that we went on holidays and we came back and said, when I came back and said look, you know, we have this ready, we realized that a lot of the stuff was already done. So at the end of the day the only thing that went through because we had that bootcamp that started the first week of September is I had asked him, I can't remember off the top of my head, but there was a notebook where effectively they had upgraded it, but they still had some deprecated calls. So I made a pull request. He merged it. 291 just for the record, he merged it and actually just before the now you know, once these things kind of, if you like that the dust will settle down as part of the work. Actually myself I could build a couple of, a couple of I was assigned because we had lack of bandwidth. Although I'm not in a. Technically, I'm not going to say, but I mean my background is, anyway, I'm a program manager. So I was, I said, look, because we can ban with our work a little bit on the chatbots. So I went in and I was trying to upgrade the tablets to the new version of LAN Chain. And then I realized that these things are huge. Just going through them, at some point you lose track of where you started from. So what I had done was I built a couple of really, really simple, actually, one is simple, the other one is not that simple, but much shorter notebooks where the first one is a simple notebook where you have a chatbot, no rag, no whatever, but just with an in memory cache so that I'm using the lang chain in memory cache so that you show how this thing works. And then the second one is with DynamoDb cache. And the first part is just, again, a simple one, but we dynamodb. And then you add rag in order to see how it works end to end. So I sent the pull request to rupee there, and then he hooked me up with you because she said, you're working already on these things. So, I mean, this is all the background. We're happy to work with you guys. Let's sit together and figure out, because obviously we come from a specific angle. RM it's a bit smaller, whereas you are trying to cater to lots of different teams and requirements, but we're happy to contribute. I think that's the gist of it. Let's coordinate what the target state is and we're happy to provide some. I mean, we'll figure out a way to do it.
Claudio: That sounds good. I definitely, definitely want to see what you guys have done just to get an idea as well. I've done work, some work myself. A week and a half ago, Ruppin kind of pulled me into this. Let's just take a look at these notebooks, see where we can stream the fat, update some things and make more, more up to date. So, I don't know, how do you like to proceed here? Maybe you want to do like some weekly meetings where we kind of touch base with where we are or.
Janice: I think, look, I think that there, what I would like to do is, in my mind at least, there were two things that I wanted to take out of this one is take a look. Well, first of all, take a look at the pull request. I think I have the link.
Claudio: But 291, right?
Janice: No, no, 291 has already been merged. It's 299.
Claudio: 299.
Janice: By the way, my quote unquote code name in GitHub is iapostal 69. So you'll see that. I'll send you the link as well.
Claudio: Yeah, please, if you don't mind.
Janice: I'll send you the link separately.
Claudio: Yeah, that'd be great.
Janice: So first of all, take a look at what we have done in both. In terms of, does it make sense? But also is it along the lines of what you were thinking, in terms of the other thing which I think it's worth discussing is what are you. Because there are a bunch of notebooks there and I don't clearly see what the objective is, if you know what I mean. Is it the case that we start with a simple chatbot and then we out drag, and then we use a number of different models to show how you can do it? Do you want to use like different memory caches? Because some books are using. Actually, I think that the notebook is using for the rack is using files. You want to do other databases like PG vector or whatever. So I think that what I think ideally would make sense is to rationalize what are the different parameters, if you like, that we want to show to the end user that you can tweak in order to achieve your goal. Is it the model, is it the vector DB, is it the conversational cache storage, you know, and build the note, and if you like, adjust the notebooks to, you know, addressing those different scenarios, if you like. But it's not clear to me what the scenarios are. It looks more like a bunch of people. You know, some people build some really cool, you know, complex notebooks. Maybe they had something in mind, but maybe they just put too much. I don't know. But I, I think that if we have some clear idea of what are the different things that we want to do, it will probably make it easier to kind of agree. And maybe the other thing is that it would make sense to make them consistent, because a lot of times what is happening is that you go to the notebook, it has a particular way of doing things. Then you go to another notebook, it has a slightly different, but not in a way that, if you know what I mean.
Claudio: I know what you mean.
Janice: Sometimes it uses that featuring lung chain, sometimes you don't use lung chain, sometimes you know, all this kind of little things. So I think that if you guys, because I think that this is, this is more on your side, if you say that this, these are the things that we want to address, right. And this is the kind of way we're thinking of addressing them, then we can work together. And as I said, maybe under that scenario, the way I had done these two simple notebooks may not be the right way, and we need to choose. It's not about what I have built. I don't care anyway. It's more about aligning. Because at the end of the day, what we don't want to do is we don't want to fork. I mean, we fork in order to make the pull request, but we still want to use the main, you know, the central repo, because there's no way on our own, we don't want to keep on maintaining, you know, that's not what we do. So that's the overreaching goal, if you like. So let's. What we can do is we can set up a call, you know, let you sometime to kind of digest this, and then probably, you know, I'll find some sort in your calendar. Let's have, like, let's try to set up something recurrent over the next two, three weeks.
Claudio: Sounds good.
Janice: Maybe. Maybe Friday, actually, because I'm running a bootcamp on the 25th. Actually, Friday's not actually. I'll sort it out. I'll find a start on your calendar. I'll drop you like, half an hour, and then we touch base and we'll take it from there.
Claudio: That sounds great. Yeah. I totally like that idea. I'm gonna just, what you just said, I don't know if you can give me some feedback onto this bootcamp that you're hosting as well, just to get an idea, kind of like the angle in which you're going. And I'm not saying that I want to just make everything the same.
Janice: I can tell you, because we have already around three boot camps.
Claudio: Okay, sir, can you hear me?
Janice: Because you.
Claudio: Yeah, I think we're losing connection.
Janice: Let me see. Because second. No, I think I'm.
Claudio: I hear you, but I see your camera freezing on and off.
Janice: So let me, let me. Let me drop. Let me stop my video. So if you. Let's stop the video so that.
Claudio: Okay.
Janice: Because with. Just without you, it's probably better.
Claudio: Yeah.
Janice: Can you hear me now?
Claudio: I hear you perfectly. Can you hear me okay?
Janice: Yeah.
Claudio: Okay.
Janice: We've already run three of them. I think that the overall feedback is very positive. I think that people like, especially because a lot of the companies, not all of them, but a lot of them come with very little background in all of this. So structuring what you need to know along the lines of what youre, you know, that the workshop is doing is fantastic, because otherwise they would have to go around trying to figure out how to put things together. So I think that overall, the response is very positive. You know, some people will say it's too slow. Some people say, oh, it's too fast. It's the usual thing. You cannot perfectly satisfy everybody. But I think that in general, you know, especially with that notebook that you saw in this, you know, this chatbot notebook, it's so long that, you know, it makes it hard. We have actually allocated an hour to go through it because people are just getting. Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, if you think about it, for people that come with very, very little knowledge and background, it's not the easiest thing to digest. Right.
Claudio: Of course.
Janice: And lunching, at least that's my view, is, you know, makes things even more complicated. It's. It's not very intuitive. At least that's what I think, for what it's worth.
Claudio: Yeah.
Janice: But overall, the response, you know, the feedback that we get from the, from the bootcamp is very, very positive, and that's why we're sticking it. And we plan to, we plan to actually to run another three until the end of the year. Year and to, you know, to continue in 2025. So, you know, it has been a very, very successful.
Claudio: Yeah. Who are you? What kind of, what kind of, what's the. In terms of your audience for these workshops? What is their, like, their background? Are they mostly business users, technical users? Combination of both.
Janice: It's a combination of two. I mean, for the most part, as you would expect, is technical users, but because at the end of the day, when they're building these prototypes, they're not building them for the sake of it. They're trying to evaluate whether they can use a technology to solve a particular problem they have. And the intention is to take to production. Typically, you get at least a product monitor involved because they want to drive the requirements of the prototype and also assess the end result, because as you know, with these models, you never get perfect results. And you might need to play around with the models, with the parameters, with this, with that or the other. So, yeah, the business people are on the product management side, are typically involved as well.
Claudio: I see, I see what you mean. Okay. Okay. That's good to know. Now, when you say that these notebooks are quite lengthy, I've taken a look at them. You're absolutely right. It seems like there's a lot of things happening when you see that the issue is a combination of legacy code being there, maybe too many things happening at once, breaking it down from. And I know that this is supposed to be like a general notebooks for everybody. So I just want to get like a grasp of, like, the use cases.
Janice: I think. I think. I think that they just try to put too much stuff in there, right. I think that it makes more sense to make them.
Claudio: Split them up, maybe. Janice, I lost you.
Janice: Harder. It makes it harder to follow. And again, think about it from the perspective of somebody that comes in, it doesn't know this stuff, right. So it's typically, for the most part, it's not people that have even played with a technology before brand new to it. So, you know, running this cloth three notebook, it is quite, quite heavy. So. So I think that there's not necessarily anything wrong with the notebooks per se, other than make them more compact, smaller, so that they're easier to follow.
Claudio: Right. Right.
Janice: Don't try to put too much stuff in there and maybe have some other variations, break them down so that, you know, you go the basics, then you incrementally add stuff and then, you know, perhaps add some variations. You know, one of the things, one of the nice, you know, ideas that you can see in some other notebooks is that, you know, they built something and then they use the store directive in order to be able to pick it up from another notebook, right. So they don't have to effectively go through the whole thing all over again. So as an example, right, there's some notebooks that build a collection and then they store the collection id, and then they pick up, you know, some other notebook will pick up the collection id. So, you know, you don't have to go through an ultra long notebook. You just build up the knowledge incrementally. And in that way, you make it more. You make it shorter, basically.
Claudio: No, that makes sense. I've seen that as well. I've seen that code being repeated, repeated a couple times. And I agree with you about modulizing it in a way that it can just be imported from a different notebook for a different workshop. Because that's the thing, right? If you look at a lot of these, especially for the chatbot, a lot of these just builds on top of each other. So you want to keep that consistency there, but at the same time, you don't want to bombard them, bombard people with it. I've seen one notebook, for example, that has the history cash history, then long term history, like long term history, then rag and finally agents. And you're right, maybe breaking it up can be. I'll take a look so that I can. Yeah, I agree with you. I can take a look at the notebook and sort of the pull request you guys had. I'll take a look at it. I'll maybe even have some feedback back to it. And then I've been working on some of this myself. I've been working on spreading some of these notebooks. So I'll just see whether some of that work is overlapping and not. And then we can maybe have these weekly meetings just to set up the actions for that following week. And then, I don't know if that. You say you have a workshop happening really soon, right? And the 20 or the 25th? Yeah, the 25th. So ideally, you want to have something maybe concise for by then, maybe as a test to see the feedback on it, on the notebooks. In terms of this workshop, do you have the 25th? Is this another one that starts from zero to hero? Or is it something more like a follow up?
Janice: No, no, it's, you know, these things are from scratch, so.
Claudio: Okay.
Janice: Zero to hear, different set of customers. It's time.
Claudio: Okay. Okay. But it's still the same chatbot.
Janice: Yeah, it's. Sorry, what do you mean the same chatbot?
Claudio: Like you said, you had a use case where you were host showing, like, the chatbot progress. You start with a naive chatbot, and then you started adding to it on one of your workshops, as part of your workshop, you were using this chatbot. Use the chatbot use case.
Janice: I'll send you what you use, and I'll put together some.
Claudio: Okay, let me, let me just crash that then. I wasn't. Okay, I misunderstood you then. Okay.
Janice: No, what I said is that the first two days were on, you know, parts of the petrol workshop. The third day, we effectively show them how to build an application using CDK. I'll send you, because it's a separate workshop that we have built internally. So I'll send that to you to take a quick look.
Claudio: Okay.
Janice: And then the following two weeks with its customer, we help them build the prototype for a use case that they bring in.
Claudio: Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, gotcha.
Janice: Because the whole point of our prototyping team is a customer comes in with a use case that they want to build, and we help them build a prototype to prove like a proof of concept right before they, you know, in order to advance and actually build it and take it to production. That's the whole idea. So the customer brings in the use case and then, which typically is kind of some sort of chat book with rag or, you know, some, some typical genai use case, like summarizations, entity extraction query, you know, that's a very popular one as well. So the different, you know, the different use cases that they bring in. But they bring in the use case and our architects are helping them to build it in these two weeks.
Claudio: Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay, that is good. So I think that makes sense. When you get a chance, if you can just send me the pull request, I'll take a look at it and we'll take it from there.
Janice: Yeah, I'll send it to you later on today. I'll just package everything and then I'll send it over to you on slack.
Claudio: Right, I appreciate that.
Janice: Fantastic. All right. It was great talking to you, Claudio, and. Well, have a nice day and we'll speak a bit later.
Claudio: Okay, sounds good, Janice. And then I'll set up something. Is the same time still works? Maybe later. Cursively. Fridays around 10:00, dinner time. Well, what? Listen, I mean, I have more bandwidth than you do, for obvious reasons, because I just started working, so I have a little bit more flexibility. If you want to set up something and put it on my calendar, that might be easy for you.
Janice: I'll put something. The only problem is with the 27th because I'll be 25, 26 and 27th, I'll be running this bootcamp. What we can do is I'll set up something on the 20th and then the next one on the 30th so that we avoid web or the Friday it's not going to be recurring. But, you know, I don't mind sending two invites rather than one, so.
Claudio: Okay, that sounds good to me, too. Okay, sounds good.
Janice: All right, speak to you soon.
Claudio: Bye, Janice. Thank you. You too. Happy, happy Friday. Bye.